hey guys it is pre-poo time and we're
gonna go through this really really fast
I am starting with dry hair and I am
using a co-wash conditioner it is by
eating and I'm not gonna show it in this
video because I don't know if I could do
that but I'm just going from sexpot
section I start off with four sections
and I put the four sections into smaller
sections and add the conditioner in bit
by bit because I'm really trying to aim
to get from root to tip I don't want to
just focus on the ears I don't want to
just focus on the roots I just want to
focus on my hair strands and move to two
and as I go through I just finger
through a little bit and just work my
way through the sections
yes since I can't once I am finished I
to the clip while I tried to the clip
and put the hair and you clamp up so I
want you to prove with the rest of the
hair so that's what I do in the whole
video I just go through
that's am i sensing
down and put conditioner or return now
the reason why I'm doing a pre-poo is
because it is wintertime and my hair
seems to be a little bit dry dry other
normal and I just want to add a brief
food before I do a shampoo now myself or
I'm gonna have to gonna do it
my hair was braided up for like nine I
didn't have wings I mean it had been
shampooed in ten weeks and my hair was
really really dirty so I just didn't
want to just you know go with a co-wash
I need to do with deep cleans and I just
started with a people first so that when
I do my shampoos which dated twice
actually the second one or twice I don't
want my hair to be extremely dry
okay guys so I am now I'm ready for my
past account and the campus to be
because I've been using it to death and
so what I'm going to do is take a man
and tie the plastic cap on to a few of
my twists to hold the plastic cap on my
head and then I'll just suck almost
twist up under there and you leave this
conditioner in my hair for about 15-20
minutes so here I'm showing you how it
looks after the rest of the information
in the description box